Update gpg key generation (#634)
apache/spark-website: release-process.md

<h4 id="generate-key">Generate key</h4>

> Here's an example of gpg 2.0.12. If you use gpg version 1 series, please refer to <a href="https://www.apache.org/dev/openpgp.html#generate-key">generate-key</a> for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of gpg 2.4.8. If you use gpg version 1 series, please refer to <a href="https://www.apache.org/dev/openpgp.html#generate-key">generate-key</a> for details.
```
